Yahoo Finance is an amazing free resource.
OK.
And a lot of information you can get for free and Yahoo Finance.
You have to pay thousands of dollars for it for Bloomberg.
OK.
So since our case staying this course is linked in.
Let's check out linked in using Yahoo Finance.
Yahoo isn't the only one I mean there's a lot of other great finance websites out there but you can
get almost everything for free now.
OK so let's check out linked in here.
OK.
And we already went to see talk of an Investor Relations Web site so this is just another way to find
cool information on the company.
Right.
And so you can do information on options if you're interested in doing options.
This used to only work on Bloomberg.
Years ago we seize a function called O M O and or options monitor all of this stuff is available now
it's unbelievable.
Right.
And so from an analyst due diligence perspective you can read the press releases here or you can just
go to cover the company's Web site.
This is kind of a cooler easier to use portal than the aforementioned sources though.
You can read up on the company here.
Find out who the competitors are if they list it actually it's soothsayers.
Be interesting.
Montsoreau what that really Facebook.
Well you got to do your own research as well it's not.
It's not the absolute best resource when it comes to due diligence from a qualitative perspective but
the quantitative perspective you can get a lot of cool stuff here for free like statistics on different
profitability metrics which we talked about earlier in this course.
Right.
Pretty cool.
Well now check this out.
You can see how many shares are short as well.
And that's important because if you look at the average daily trading volume and the number of shares
that are short you can figure out what's called the short ratio.
Right.
And so only 3 percent of the old saying shares are short right now it's not that much.
So it's not as if companies have a large percentage of their shares that are short then.
I personally don't like to short those companies because if any slightly less bad news or slightly good
news occurs everybody covers the stock was up a lot.
Let's see what else we have here.
All right we've got the industry analyst opinion with us so we can find out what analysts think of stocks
right and what the recent upgrades or downgrades have been and this is.
This is from the sell side right.
So remember early in this course we talked about Salyer or sell side analyst.
She she covers a lot of these Internet stocks all these downgrades.
I love buying stocks when Wall Street downgrades them.
So I think what happened was when LinkedIn reported their Q4 results early in 2016 the numbers went
down a lot.
And you can take a look at that chart you'll see that it gapped down and so a lot of analysts downgraded
it.
But my my personal perspective is that you know if if my numbers in five or ten years from now are going
down a lot because of what earnings call maybe I look to sell the stock otherwise I'll see this as a
great buying opportunity to be honest.
And you can see here even how many buy ratings are in the stock.
How many holds that sort of thing.
And how many underperforms or sells.
Not that many it's not a surprise because this is a secular growth companies and this is cool here.
You can find out the analysts estimates.
Right.
So you can find out what the Street is thinking.
OK.
On each quarter each year and then you can compare and contrast what your estimates are for that current
quarter or current year or next year or even care to see if your estimates are above or below the street
.
OK.
So let's see what else we have got major holders.
This is a great resource.
OK so you can tell that you know Jeff Wiener is a big holder obviously he's a CEO there's a CFO there
the top institutional holders.
You've got capital which is in Los Angeles are probably the best mutual fund out there.
You to euro price which is also great.
They're located in the Maryland area on the East Coast the United States and you can just see the rest
here.
Pretty cool.
And you can see insider transactions here as well meaning which executives were buying or selling the
shares.
You have the CEO selling some shares here at $6 is not a good sign.
That being said that's a small percent for him of the number of shares he has.
Yes a ton right.
Amazing.
Anyway there's something called behavioral finance where you can map what management has done with their
shares historically and decide if it's a good time to buy or sell the stock.
It doesn't always help though in terms of calling tops and bottoms and stocks.
I remember when I was an investor in Activision years ago the CEO his name was Bobby Kodak.
And every time he bought shares we would buy it every time he sold shares.
We would sell.
There is a high correlation there and you can also get press releases here.
And I love using Yahoo for press releases.
Yahoo finance that is because it's a free repository.
And most major press releases that matter are listed here such as when the company releases earnings
that sort of thing and that summarizes Yahoo Finance.
But Yahoo finance isn't the only one.
Obviously there are a lot of other great ones out there but I've been using this one for years and I
think it's probably one of the better ones.